it's like the Safari Verano altunin
finished second here on the RAC McCray
and Brooks were locked in their private
battle Brooks coming in a magnificent
fifth McCrae seventh and Bertie Fisher
completed the team performance with
ninth
[Music]
the 1985 season started again in the
forests of Yorkshire the national
breakdown Riley Brooks keeping up his
RAC for McRae went out early on so
birdie Fisher took third place behind
Brooks who was second
and Cyril Bolton helps add to the
entertainment
[Music]
but for Russell Brooks and Mike Broad it
was a good start toward their aim of
regaining the open title
on the circuit of Ireland the aim for
some was the Irish tarmac time Bertie
Fisher a front-runner but Austin Mikael
was to take the championship
as for brookson McRae the intervention
of team orders put a temporary halt to
their rivalry Russell settling for
second behind Jimmy to enhance Jimmy's
prospects in the European Championship
on the Welsh the fierce battle was
resumed Brooks
leading most of the way the punctures
dropped him behind malcolm wilson the
eventual winner
McCrea also had puncture problems and
finished fourth
[Music]
in Scotland maybe Jimmy McRae would at
last claim that elusive victory on his
home event
Jimmy was ahead of Brooks from the staff
[Applause]
[Music]
Russell was hampered by an ankle injury
but both cars were going superbly
[Music]
then problems hit McRae he went off down
a bank damaging the front wheel and the
front suspension and lost eight minutes
McRae now third behind Brooks
[Music]
for most of the event despite odd
indiscretions birdie Fisher was able to
keep in touch
[Music]
the Brooks struggling more and more
against his sprained ankle was unable to
keep the scotsman of babe McRae finished
second Brooks
third Ulster McRae leading again
[Music]
Brooks close behind in second
30 fish 1/5
and Austin McHale six ever closer to
that Irish tarmac title
[Music]
Brooks gets three seconds ahead of McRae
and then team orders come in again
Brooks takes victory from McRae so
reversing the situation earlier in the
season on the circuit of Ireland and
setting up quite a showdown for the
title on the Isle of Man
the Irish rivalry remains equally
intense Bertie Fisher keeps 5th place
and often McHale taking the tightest
possible line is 6th
[Music]
on the Isle of Man all McCrae needed was
second place to take the title and
taking the lead early on he looked
safely on course
[Music]
Brookes right behind is trying
everything he knows
with McRae overheating Brooks closes in
in three stages from home McCrae breaks
a shock absorber and Brooks is through
[Music]